README.md, before:

# LDF Parser

[![Workflow](https://github.com/c4deszes/ldfparser/workflows/CI/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/c4deszes/ldfparser/actions)
[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/ldfparser.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/ldfparser/)
[![PyPI - Python Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/ldfparser.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/ldfparser/)
[![Workflow](https://github.com/c4deszes/ldfparser/workflows/Lint/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/c4deszes/ldfparser/actions)
[![codecov.io](https://codecov.io/github/c4deszes/ldfparser/coverage.svg?branch=master)](https://codecov.io/github/c4deszes/ldfparser?branch=master)
[![Total alerts](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/alerts/g/c4deszes/ldfparser.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/c4deszes/ldfparser/alerts/)
[![Language grade: Python](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/python/g/c4deszes/ldfparser.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/c4deszes/ldfparser/context:python)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

> This tool is able parse LIN Description Files, retrieve signal names and frames from them, as well as encoding messages using frame definitions and decoding them.

---

## Disclaimer

The tool has been written according the LIN standards 1.3, 2.0, 2.1 and 2.2A, but due to errors in
the documentation there's no guarantee that the library will be able to parse your LDF. In such
cases if possible first verify the LDF with a commercial tool such as Vector LDF Explorer or the
tool that was used to create the LDF.  If the LDF seems to be correct then open a new issue.
I also recommend trying the LDF to JSON conversion mechanism, see if that succeeds.

Also the LIN standard is now known as [ISO 17987](https://www.iso.org/standard/61222.html) which
clears up some of the confusing parts in the 2.2A specification. Since this new standard is not
freely available **this library won't support the modifications present in ISO 17987**. I don't
think it's going to a huge problem because the LIN 2.2A released in 2010 has overall better adoption.

The LDF usually contains sensitive information, if you need to open an issue related to the parser
then try to provide either an anonymized version with signals and frames obfuscated or just the
relevant segments in an example LDF when opening issues.

---

## Installation

You can install this library from PyPI using pip.

```bash
pip install ldfparser
```

---

## Example

```python
import ldfparser

# Load LDF
ldf = ldfparser.LDF(path = "network.ldf")
frame = ldf.frame('Frame_1')

# Get baudrate from LDF
print(ldf.baudrate)

# Encode signal values into frame
message = frame.raw({"Signal_1": 123, "Signal_2": 0})
print(binascii.hexlify(message))
# >> 0x7B00

# Decode message into dictionary of signal names and values
received = bytearray([0x7B, 0x00])
print(frame.parse(received))
# >> {"Signal_1": 123, "Signal_2": 0}

# Encode signal values through converters
message = frame.data({"MotorRPM": 100, "FanState": "ON"}, ldf.converters)
print(binascii.hexlify(message))
# >> 0xFE01

```

---

## Features

+ Semantic validation of LDF files

+ Retrieve header information (version, baudrate)

+ Retrieve Signal and Frame information

+ Retrieve Signal encoding types and use them to convert values

+ Retrieve Node attributes

+ Command Line Interface

+ Capturing comments

### Currently not supported

+ Scheduling table

+ Diagnostics

---

## Contributors

[@c4deszes](https://github.com/c4deszes) (Author)

---

## Credits

Inspired by [uCAN-LIN LinUSBConverter](https://github.com/uCAN-LIN/LinUSBConverter), specifically the LDF parsing mechanism via [Lark](https://github.com/lark-parser/lark). Previously the library included most of the lark file, parsing code and examples, since 0.5.0 they've been completely rewritten to better accomodate the different LIN standards.

---

## License

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Commit message:

Adds link to Github Pages (#39)
Development dependencies are now inside requirements.txt
Development steps are documented in README

README.md, after:

# LDF Parser

[![Workflow](https://github.com/c4deszes/ldfparser/workflows/CI/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/c4deszes/ldfparser/actions)
[![Github Pages](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?style=flat&logo=github&label=gh-pages&color=green&message=deployed)](https://c4deszes.github.io/ldfparser/)
[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/ldfparser.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/ldfparser/)
[![PyPI - Python Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/ldfparser.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/ldfparser/)
[![Workflow](https://github.com/c4deszes/ldfparser/workflows/Lint/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/c4deszes/ldfparser/actions)
[![codecov.io](https://codecov.io/github/c4deszes/ldfparser/coverage.svg?branch=master)](https://codecov.io/github/c4deszes/ldfparser?branch=master)
[![Total alerts](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/alerts/g/c4deszes/ldfparser.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/c4deszes/ldfparser/alerts/)
[![Language grade: Python](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/python/g/c4deszes/ldfparser.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/c4deszes/ldfparser/context:python)
![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/c4deszes/ldfparser)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

> This tool is able parse LIN Description Files, retrieve signal names and frames from them, as well as encoding messages using frame definitions and decoding them.

---

## Disclaimer

The tool has been written according the LIN standards 1.3, 2.0, 2.1 and 2.2A, but due to errors in
the documentation there's no guarantee that the library will be able to parse your LDF. In such
cases if possible first verify the LDF with a commercial tool such as Vector LDF Explorer or the
tool that was used to create the LDF.  If the LDF seems to be correct then open a new issue.
I also recommend trying the LDF to JSON conversion mechanism, see if that succeeds.

Also the LIN standard is now known as [ISO 17987](https://www.iso.org/standard/61222.html) which
clears up some of the confusing parts in the 2.2A specification. Since this new standard is not
freely available **this library won't support the modifications present in ISO 17987**. I don't
think it's going to a huge problem because the LIN 2.2A released in 2010 has overall better adoption.

The LDF usually contains sensitive information, if you need to open an issue related to the parser
then try to provide either an anonymized version with signals and frames obfuscated or just the
relevant segments in an example LDF when opening issues.

---

## Installation

You can install this library from PyPI using pip.

```bash
pip install ldfparser
```

---

## Examples

```python
import ldfparser

# Load LDF
ldf = ldfparser.LDF(path = "network.ldf")
frame = ldf.frame('Frame_1')

# Get baudrate from LDF
print(ldf.baudrate)

# Encode signal values into frame
message = frame.raw({"Signal_1": 123, "Signal_2": 0})
print(binascii.hexlify(message))
>>> 0x7B00

# Decode message into dictionary of signal names and values
received = bytearray([0x7B, 0x00])
print(frame.parse(received))
>>> {"Signal_1": 123, "Signal_2": 0}

# Encode signal values through converters
message = frame.data({"MotorRPM": 100, "FanState": "ON"}, ldf.converters)
print(binascii.hexlify(message))
>>> 0xFE01
```

More examples can be found in the [examples directory](./examples).

---

## Documentation

Documentation is published to [Github Pages](https://c4deszes.github.io/ldfparser/).

---

## Features

+ Semantic validation of LDF files

+ Retrieve header information (version, baudrate)

+ Retrieve Signal and Frame information

+ Retrieve Signal encoding types and use them to convert values

+ Retrieve Node attributes

+ Command Line Interface

+ Capturing comments

### Currently not supported

+ Scheduling table

+ Diagnostics

---

## Development

Install the requirements via `pip install -r requirements.txt`

Install the library locally by running `python setup.py install`

[Pytest](https://pytest.org/) is used for testing, to execute all tests run `pytest -m 'not snapshot'`

[Flake8](https://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/) is used for linting, run `flake8` to print out all linting errors.

---

## Contributors

[@c4deszes](https://github.com/c4deszes) (Author)

---

## Credits

Inspired by [uCAN-LIN LinUSBConverter](https://github.com/uCAN-LIN/LinUSBConverter), specifically the LDF parsing mechanism via [Lark](https://github.com/lark-parser/lark). Previously the library included most of the lark file, parsing code and examples, since 0.5.0 they've been completely rewritten to better accomodate the different LIN standards.

---

## License

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
