docs/frames.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: LDF Parser - Frames
---

## Using frames

### Retrieving unconditional frame information

After parsing the LDF into objects the properties of frames defined in the LDF
will be accessible.

```python
ldf = parse_ldf('network.ldf')

lsm_frame1 = ldf.get_unconditional_frame('LSM_Frm1')
print(lsm_frame1.frame_id)
>>> 2
print(lsm_frame1.name)
>>> 'LSM_Frm1'
print(lsm_frame1.length)
>>> 2
print(lsm_frame1.publisher)
>>> LinSlave(..)
```

---

### Encoding frames

Encoding is the process of the converting the provided LIN Signals into a
complete frame.

When encoding there are two options, you can encode raw values
and pack them into a frame, or alternatively you can pass the logical values
through the signal encoders before packing.

```python
ldf = parse_ldf('network.ldf')

lsm_frame1 = ldf.get_unconditional_frame('LSM_Frm1')
encoded_frame = lsm_frame1.raw(
    {'LeftIntLightsSwitch': 100}
)
```

When encoding through signal encoders you have to pass a list of value converters,
you can either provide a custom map or pass the one provided by the LDF object.

```python
ldf = parse_ldf('network.ldf')

lsm_frame1 = ldf.get_unconditional_frame('LSM_Frm1')
encoded_frame = lsm_frame1.data(
    {'LeftIntLightsSwitch': 'Off'},
    ldf.converters
)
```

---

### Decoding frames

Decoding is the process of unpacking a LIN frame into the signal values.

Similarly to encoding, you can decode frames into raw signal values or decode
them through the signal encoders.

```python
ldf = parse_ldf('network.ldf')

lsm_frame1 = ldf.get_unconditional_frame('LSM_Frm1')
decoded_frame = lsm_frame1.parse_raw(bytearray([0x00]))
```

When decoding through signal encoders you have to pass a list of value converters,
you can either provide a custom map or pass the one provided by the LDF object.

```python
ldf = parse_ldf('network.ldf')

lsm_frame1 = ldf.get_unconditional_frame('LSM_Frm1')
decoded_frame = lsm_frame1.parse(bytearray([0x00]), ldf.converters)
```

Commit message:

Reworks Frame encoding process (#73)
The new signatures allow excluding the reference to the encoding types
which makes tests more clean. Also consolidated the member attributes
of unconditional frames by removing redundant signal maps.
The LinSignal type has a reference to the encoding type that will be populated
by the parser using the signal representation object.
Allows units to be preserved when decoding.
Warnings are now enabled for some of the deprecated functions.
Also added a few new items to the PR checklist as version number bumps and
documentation changes were often missed.
Updates documentation and changelog.
Documentation, README and examples now reference the new functions
Bumps version number to 0.11.0

docs/frames.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: LDF Parser - Frames
---

## Using frames

### Retrieving unconditional frame information

After parsing the LDF into objects the properties of frames defined in the LDF
will be accessible.

```python
ldf = parse_ldf('network.ldf')

lsm_frame1 = ldf.get_unconditional_frame('LSM_Frm1')
print(lsm_frame1.frame_id)
>>> 2
print(lsm_frame1.name)
>>> 'LSM_Frm1'
print(lsm_frame1.length)
>>> 2
print(lsm_frame1.publisher)
>>> LinSlave(..)
```

---

### Encoding frames

Encoding is the process of the converting the provided LIN Signals into a
complete frame.

When encoding there are two options, you can encode raw values
and pack them into a frame, or alternatively you can pass the logical values
through the signal encoders before packing.

```python
ldf = parse_ldf('network.ldf')

lsm_frame1 = ldf.get_unconditional_frame('LSM_Frm1')
encoded_frame = lsm_frame1.encode_raw(
    {'LeftIntLightsSwitch': 100}
)
```

When encoding through signal encoders you have the option to pass a list of
value converters, otherwise it will use the default encoders assigned through
signal representations.

```python
ldf = parse_ldf('network.ldf')

lsm_frame1 = ldf.get_unconditional_frame('LSM_Frm1')
encoded_frame = lsm_frame1.encode(
    {'LeftIntLightsSwitch': 'Off'}
)
```

---

### Decoding frames

Decoding is the process of unpacking a LIN frame into the signal values.

Similarly to encoding, you can decode frames into raw signal values or decode
them through the signal encoders.

```python
ldf = parse_ldf('network.ldf')

lsm_frame1 = ldf.get_unconditional_frame('LSM_Frm1')
decoded_frame = lsm_frame1.decode_raw(b'\x00')
```

Just like encoding you can also pass custom value converters and there's also
the option to preserve the unit of physical values, in these cases instead of
a floating point value a string will be returned.

```python
ldf = parse_ldf('network.ldf')

lsm_frame1 = ldf.get_unconditional_frame('LSM_Frm1')
decoded_frame = lsm_frame1.decode(b'\x00', keep_unit=True)
```
